Autocomplete: Reference the suggestions list with `aria-controls` and `aria-haspopup` (#80403)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/dataviews/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fix

> -   DataForms: Fix the `richtext` control's autocomplete not pointing assistive technology at its suggestions list, and never exposing the highlighted suggestion. [#80403](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/80403)

Reviewer: Nit: I'm not sure this entry is 100% correct.

Before this PR, I think `richtext` control already normalized and spread `aria-activedescendant`, and `aria-owns` made the referenced option a logical descendant.

This PR adds the required `aria-controls` and `aria-haspopup` relationship. Maybe we can rephrase to

```suggestion
-   DataForms: Complete the `richtext` control's autocomplete semantics by associating the textbox with its suggestions list for assistive technology. [#80403](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/80403)
```
